What's the matter with you?
Why are you pushing my daughter?
What happened to the push?
Who is not long-eyed?
Took the toy that our Mrs. Chen liked
This lady
Even if your daughter likes it first
But he put it on the window when we came
So this toy is also when we buy it.
Yo, it's quite sharp
If my daughter wants something, it has to be my daughter's.
Poor people like you
It's also worth robbing Mrs. Chen
It's a lot of words
No, 180,000 swipe
Since I bought this toy
You're apologizing to my daughter now
This kind of ordinary bank card that is not even VIP
Dare to be in the largest shopping mall in Jiangcheng
It's ridiculous
What Mrs. Chen said is
Our store cooperates with the bank.
Only like Mrs. Chen
This kind of supreme VIP with an annual income of millions
To consume
Like this ordinary bank card
They are not even qualified to enter our store.
With your service attitude
We don't often come to your store.
Chicken Xixi let's go